Update index.md (#1048)
elastic/docs-content: get-started/index.md

## Next steps

> To learn more about our products and solutions, see:

Reviewer: "see" is one of the terms that's discouraged in our guidelines. Typically use "check out", "view", or "refer" instead
```suggestion
To learn more about our products and solutions, check out:
```
